---
layout: post
author: Hieronymus
tag: circuit
---
Ok, I’ve found what I want to focus on today (after much reflection). It’s a desire I’ve had for a while, and it was able to bubble to the top. I had researched before (Google) but had not refined my queries enough. This time my queries zeroed in on the proper specifics: “function composition javascript”, “coding logic circuits in javascript/python”. And bingo I came up with a host of sites that look to provide good resources for learning to code what I think I want for my dominoes with logic ciruits game. Or “Logic Circuit Dominoes” In fact I found one super professional visualization of logic circuits in javascript.

Subsequently, for the past few of hours I’ve been finding other excellent examples for other aspects of my Circuit Game Board idea. Lots of complexity, even though I feel the conception is very simple: A game board where the opposing players attempt to build logical pathways from their side of the board to the opposite (opponent’s side) using sequences of logic gates (7). This morning (I looked again at a very relevant example using D3js dynamic graph representation (and construction) of modal logic (along with an instructional tutorial of both modal logic and how the dynamic graph user interface is constructed—two different and related projects). And I kept searching for resources about how to evaluate the path/circuit—a dynamic compound/composed function. Don’t have a solid grasp yet on how I’ll do that, but did find (finally!) some good resources on graph and tree traversal algorithms both in general and with D3. And then just lastly I found a great Wikipedia article on logical connectives which answered the question in my mind about linking Modal Logic and Logic Gates. They are actually very much related as I had assumed, but now I have the formal treatment. So, in fact, I have found all the resources I need for the moment to start iterating on this game idea!
Creating a game is something I’ve wanted to do for a long time! It’s going to enable me (eventually—hopefully sooner than later!) to get Dense Blend off the ground.